---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Chrispher Snider Talk and Jarvis Update
---

### Tidepool
Snider's passion for Tidepool, an open source software for diabetes management, was notable due to his personal connection to the disease. The sensitivity of healthcare and the potential for software to impact people's lives made me appreciate the dedication and effort that went into developing Tidepool. However, I had concerns about the development standards and the risk of data leaks or hacks. Snider addressed these concerns by explaining their circular sprint process and the benefits of having a large community of people to monitor and improve the code. Overall, Snider's talk was inspirational as it shed light on Tidepool's humble beginnings and the potential of open source software in healthcare.

### Jarvis updates
This week, our Jarvis development made significant progress without any major obstacles. 
The maintainers of the project have been supportive and responsive to our inquiries and pull requests.
One of our initial pull requests to add installation instructions was merged today. In our recent work, we delved into the reboot feature of Jarvis.
Upon examining the source code, my peers and I discovered a discrepancy in the behavior of the feature between different operating systems. 
While Windows and Linux required user confirmation and specified the reboot time in minutes or seconds, macOS instantly rebooted the system after receiving the password or root privilege.
To ensure consistency, we made a local change that added a confirmation prompt for macOS, and suggested the same approach for Linux and Windows. 
We are collaborating with the maintainers to submit our pull request and to rename the feature to RebootComputer, which is more descriptive. 
