---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Browser Extension Project Reflection
---

My experience working in a group project was extremely pleasant and interesting. It had its challenges but all in all, I enjoyed working on the browser extension
project with my groupmates. We started by listing the problems that we have on a day to day basis that we think would be an easy quality of life improvement on the browser
viewing experience. That's when we narrowed down on the idea of a PDF viewer for Brightspace. Fast forward to the presentation, we split up the presentation into the different sections that
we worked on for the project. The work flow was great as we put the presentation on Google slides and we could all work on it together whenever we were free. I wish we could have worked on the actual
presenting part of the presentation more, maybe having one more run through the whole thing before we presented in class as at times, we were speaking over each
other during the presentation. But besides that, I think we did well for the Browser extension project.

As for other groups and their presentation, the group that I liked the most would be the Youtube Customizer as that was an extremely cool looking tool that could actually save a lot of time.
For Youtube, there are always unwanted things on the Youtube page such as advertisements and suggestions and I think that the project would be very useful for that. Furthermore,
the changing of the progress bar gives a unique personal touch to the youtube page and allows users to customize Youtube more. Overall, I think the project would greatly increase
the enjoyment of the Youtube viewing experience. 
