---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---
Part 1
The code of conduct gives us the standards, responsibilities and conflict resolutions for the Go Project and Eclipse. They outline the values of the project and what the users that are in the project should try to be like. I think the benefits of the code of conduct is that it could help lay out the ground rules for all users to respect and I think that all open sourced projects should have something like that.

The difference between the Go Project and Contributor Covenant would be that Go Project included an enforcement section which the contributor covenant does not have. Also the Go Project has a summary section which sums up the gist of the code of conduct page and highlights the important parts of the page. Go Project did this probably to make sure users get a grasp of the important information without having to read the entire code of conduct page. The enforcement section is added as the Contributor Covenant is more like a template thus it is quite general and lacks that section and Go Project needed some enforcement for the project. 

I think that the difference in structure between Eclipse and Go project that i noticed is that the detail of investigation for disputes is more detailed for Eclipse. This is likely due to Eclipse having a larger userbase than Go Project and thus would have more disputes. 

Part 2
I think Sugar Labs uses a different template than Go Project, it uses Ubuntu's Code of Conduct which explains the differences such as having a detailed behavior guideline. 

Part 3
I looked at the code of conduct for Github and it definitely has references to the Contributor Covenant. It does highlight things that are absolutely not allowed on Github and enforcement as well as it is much more Github specific.

Weekly Progress
I participated in the browser extension activity and found it to be very useful as I have not had previous experience working with javascript. But besides that I also took a look into how Adblock is made and how such a small addon does the job and saves so much time. 
