---
layout: post
title: Week 14 - Open Source in Different Area and Finalizing Group Working
---

# Open Source in Different Areas

During this week's lecture, we explored the diverse applications of open source beyond the realm of technology. 
I used to believe that open source projects could not produce high-quality work because they cannot generate profits. 
However, I was mistaken. Learning about the ways in which businesses build models around open source showed me that excellent work is produced through this model. 
Additionally, the nature of open source, with multiple contributors and users, enables quick error spotting and feedback for project improvement.

I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of open source projects available. One of the most intriguing examples was the Open Source Cola project, 
which produces cola soft drinks from an open-source recipe. 
It was fascinating to discover that even a product like soda could be made using an open-source recipe. 
Another project that stood out to me was the Open Source Afro Hair Library, which addressed the lack of representation of afro-textured hair options in video games. 
The project was visually beautiful and had a meaningful purpose.

After the lecture, I conducted some research on open source applications in non-technical areas, 
which led me to discover open source education. I came across a website called Open Education Resources Commons, 
which is a library of resources for educators. The resources are categorized by subject, education level, and standard. 
What I found particularly fascinating was the inclusion of different state standards, such as Virginia English standards of learning, 
in the search criteria. This feature enables educators to easily access and utilize curated resources that align with specific standards, 
making it a highly useful tool for fellow educators.

# Jarvis Project

With regards to Jarvis project, my PR has been accepted. After having no luck in getting the moderator to accept my PR because he was not checking the Github
regularly, I emailed him and explained my PR and regarding the issue that it addresses. He replied me through email and stated that he was busy with work
and that he would look at it shortly. He then approved my PR and merged it to main.
